When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you have to collaborate with other people that are not working at the same location as you. Additionally you would want to do this
when you know you may be travelling without your computer/files and want to be able to access everything from a computer
somewhere else.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You would want to pull changes manually in case you do not remember changes you have made on Git, or in case changes you made
on Git were on the wrong branch, or in case someone else made changes you do not want to add to your master branch yet.
It is always important to review code before merging it with something you already have that is working.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used only when you clone a GitHub repository to your GitHub repository. Clones are when you clone repositories from github to your local machine. And branches are when you make changes on your local repo or on github to your code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You have a local log of what the remote state was, so if the remote repo is changed or deleted
you still are able to access it. Additionally if you mess something up and you are offline and you want
to go back to the correct state, you will have that locally.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would collaborate by having a master branch and when everybody pushed their code they would create
pull requests that would have to be reviewed by at least one other user. If that user thought the changes were okay they would approve and merge them, otherwise they would make notes of what mistakes or conflicts there might be for the other person to fix.
