What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository you create an empty repository. You need to do it so you can add new content to your repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is an intermedium between the working directory and the repository. It is a way to make sure that you don't accidently add changes you didn't mean to to the repository and group things together logically before commiting them.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can use the staging area and then immediately after you have everything staged you want you commit those changes and write a description.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be good anytime you aren't sure you need or want an added feature but you would like to experiment with it. This would help ensure you don't have points in your history where you jumped back and forth between the feature then decided to delete, and allow you to show these various versions to other people if necessary.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams let you see a structured representation of all the changes you have made and understand where things have branched/merged.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The changes from both branches are merged in together. We represent them the way that we do so that all commits from each branch can still be accessed.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging can be dangerous if you do not know changes other people have made and they merge into your code, however manually merging can be tedious. You have to keep track yourself of what everybody is doing or changes you have made throughout every stage in your branch since it left the master in order to merge.